DIRECTORY CONTENTS
==================

This tarball contains exercises for the Intro to Moose class. Here's
what's what ...

t/*.t - each .t file contains instructions on what the exercise is,
and runs the tests to check your code.

t/lib - includes a recent copy of the Test-Harness and Test-Simple
distributions so we're all on the same page, as well as some other
modules used in the tests.

t/lib/MooseClass/Tests.pm - the actual tests all live in this
module. It also shows many examples of how to use Moose's metaclass
APIs for introspection.

bin/prove - a slightly hacked version of prove that makes sure to look
in t/lib first. If you have a recent version of prove installed, this
can be ignored, but it's worth trying if you have any weird problems.

lib - this will be your working directory for most exercises. You'll
be creating various classes and roles in here, and then testing
against the test code.

answers - code that passes all the tests for each section. You can
look in here if you're stuck, or if you just want to see how someone
else did these exercises.

install-moose and moosepan/ - a local CPAN mirror with just Moose and
its dependencies. See below for usage instructions.


INSTALLING MOOSE AND ITS DEPENDENCIES
=====================================

This directory contains a partial CPAN mirror that will allow you to
install Moose and all of its dependencies. Just run:

  /path/to/perl install-moose

and it will use this mirror to install the latest version of Moose on
your system.

This assumes that you have already configured the CPAN shell on your
system in the past. If you haven't, it may still work, or it may
prompt you for a bunch of configuration items first.


EXERCISES HOW-TO
================

The exercises are all (except for one) designed to be done in the form
of writing Perl modules and running tests against them.

You will create these modules in the lib/ directory. You will often
find yourself changing or extending the module you created in a
previous exercise, so don't delete anything from this directory as you
go.

The instructions on each exercise are in the associated .t file.

To run the tests, simply run this command:

  /path/to/perl bin/prove -lv t/test-name.t

The test file name will be something like 01-classes.t.

The tests will run in verbose mode, so you will get clues as to what
exactly failed. Keep iterating on your code until the tests pass.
